In some cases you will need to make requests to third party sources.
For example you may need to grab a Twitter feed or grab an image.
There are various methods out there for retrieving content from external sources with CHP.
WordPress isn't very biased.
Instead it provides an ATP API that tries all methods out there so that you aren't limited to just one.
The GDP API can make any request you want whether it's a post or get request in the resource section
of this lecture.
I provide a link to learn more about this API.
Here's what WordPress has to say about it within BHP.
There are many possible ways to send in a GDP request for simplicity.
These methods will be referred to collectively as transports for this article.
The purpose for the ACP API is to support as many of them as possible with an API that is simple and
standard for each of the transports.
The problem is that web hosting servers support different transports and some might support none.
The solution then is to support as many as possible to allow for those who have hosts that this one
or two to still access the Web through one of the other transports that might still be enabled or supported
by using this API.
We save ourselves the headaches of determining what method to use to make HDP requests.
Let's try using this API now.
Right now I'm looking at one of the recipes.
Do you remember how we created this piece of info.
If you can recall we created a template separate from our code and used the file get contents function
to get this info.
However a lot of hosts out there disable this function and its extension relying on this one method
to retrieve content will eventually cause us to run into errors.
We should let WordPress handle the best method for retrieving content.
We're going to update the filter dash content dot p p file so that it can use the WordPress HDP API
to retrieve and process the template.
If you scroll down this page you'll find a list of helper functions for using the H CTP API.
The WP remote get function is what we want to use.
Let's use this function now inside the filter function.
Define a variable named recipe TPL Ari yes its value will be set to the value returned by the WP or
mode.
Get function
this function has two parameters.
First is the you are out.
I'm going to use the plugins you are El function to retrieve the URL to the plugins folder.
Keep in mind that this must be an HD GDP you are L and not a system path.
Also note that the you rail doesn't have to be from our own site.
You can make requests to your Ls outside of the site.
The plugin is installed on the second parameter we can set is additional headers or info about this
request.
This is optional and we don't need this kind of power at the moment so we'll let WordPress decide the
default settings.
This function will end up returning an array that will contain various pieces of information about the
response receives.
Fortunately WordPress also provides a set of utility functions to help process and grab the information
we care about.
Replace the contents function with a function called WP remote retrieve body.
This function will pass a response object and return the contents of the response.
So replace these values with the response like so.
Let's refresh the page.
We should receive no errors.
Our content should still be displaying along with the recipe template and its data.
That's it for the eight CTP API.
To recap what's going on.
The WP remote get function will make a request to a euro and return the results of that request.
The WP remote retrieve body will pass that response and return only the contents of that response.
In our case it would be the template.
Feel free to read up on the documentation to learn more about it as an exercise.
Try and doing the same thing to our recipe create or short code if you can remember this short code
also uses the file get contents function.
Replace that using the WordPress H GDP API.